Communication Standards
=======================

ISO 11783 - ISOBUS
------------------
Electronics are the key to making machinery more efficient, 
precise and economical. ISOBUS is one of the most important
techniques here. The idea behind ISOBUS is 'plug and play'
with any tractor-terminal-implement-combination. But in 
practice it is not quite that easy. How well the components
of an ISOBUS system work together depends on what they have
in common, i.e. the functionalities supported by all of
them. The worldwide ISO 11783 (ISOBUS) standard defines the
communication between agricultural machinery, mainly tractors
and implements, and also the data transfer between these mobile
machines and farm software applications. It is the most
significant and comprehensive standard to date, but it leaves
room for interpretation, which has led to a great number of
innovative but proprietary ISOBUS solutions. In order to
minimize the room for interpretation the AEF develops
guidelines which add to the ISO standard and thus allow
for precise definitions of ISOBUS functionalities. Ultimately
this provides for clarity regarding the compatibility of
ISOBUS products. The ISOBUS standard specifies a serial
data network for control and communications on forestry or
agricultural tractors and implements. ISOBUS is based on
physical layer CAN and connect tractor and implement.

BroadR-Reach - High Speed ISOBUS
--------------------------------
Electronics are the key to making machinery more efficient,
precise and economical. ISOBUS is one of the most important
techniques here. The idea behind ISOBUS is 'plug and play' with
any tractor-terminal-implement-combination. But in practice it
is not quite that easy. How well the components of an ISOBUS
system work together depends on what they have in common, i.e.
the functionalities supported by all of them. The worldwide ISO
11783 (ISOBUS) standard defines the communication between
agricultural machinery, mainly tractors and implements, and
also the data transfer between these mobile machines and farm
software applications. It is the most significant and comprehensive
standard to date, but it leaves room for interpretation,
which has led to a great number of innovative but proprietary
ISOBUS solutions. In order to minimize the room for interpretation
the AEF develops guidelines which add to the ISO standard and
thus allow for precise definitions of ISOBUS functionalities.
Ultimately this provides for clarity regarding the compatibility
of ISOBUS products. The ISOBUS standard specifies a serial data
network for control and communications on forestry or agricultural
tractors and implements. ISOBUS is based on physical layer CAN
and connect tractor and implement.

High Speed ISOBUS will cover the following Agriculture use cases:

* Command and Control like “Sophisticated Universal Terminal“(VT) and more precise TaskControl / SectionControl.
* Real-time Video for Remote Process viewing as an example.
* Bulk Data Transfer used for e.g. Guidance, Coverage and Prescription.
* Enhanced Service and diagnostic in mixed manufacturer systems and for RMI (Repair-Maintenance-Information).


ISO  11783 - ISOXML
-------------------
ISOXML is a data format used by ISO11783 part 10, more commonly referred to
as the Task Controller. It is the Task Controller software on the tractor
display which communicates with the ISOBUS implement, telling it how much
product (seed, fertilizer, etc) to apply based on which part of the field
the tractor/implement is in. The Task Controller software is then recording
all the work that the implement has done, what was actually applied and
where, how many hay bales have been made, etc. All of this information
is logged in the ISOXML data format. Use of this common format allows the
farmer to export the data from the tractor display and import it into
his/her Farm Management Information System (FMIS) of choice for analysis
and record keeping. The FMIS can also be used to plan tasks, which might
even include the creation of a prescription map for product application
(seed, fertiliser, etc). These tasks are then exported from the FMIS and
imported into the tractor display before the driver starts work. This is
again using the ISOXML data format.


IEC 20922 - MQTT
--------------------
MQTT is an open OASIS and ISO standard (ISO/IEC 20922) lightweight,
publish-subscribe network protocol that transports messages between
devices. The protocol usually runs over TCP/IP; however, any network
protocol that provides ordered, lossless, bi-directional connections
can support MQTT. It is designed for connections with remote locations
where a "small code footprint" is required or the network bandwidth
is limited. MQTT has security features integrated and works well in
wireless networks.

IEC 62541 - OPC-UA
------------------
OPC-UA is a platform independent, service oriented, standardized
architecture for data exchange to cloud applications. The architecture
and its ecosystem of companion specifications is governed by the OPC-UA
foundation. Its main characteristics are a model-driven approach for
interface specification, security integration as well as support for
both publish/subscribe and client/server communication patterns. All
data models that have been submitted to the OPC-UA foundation are freely
available. The standard is mainly used in industrial settings but also
sees more and more use in service robotics.

